### Client Portal

1. The launch discovery button when clicked on "launch discovery" shows the multiple services but there is no option to connect to the services.
2. When we clicking on the launch discovery button it should also identify the other services that are required to be connected based on the client's requirements.
3. We will not be using gradient for any of the buttons until explicitly asked to do so. 
4. The 4 cards for Connectors, AI Tasks, Traffic and Conv. should be clickable and redirect to the respective pages
5. My projects section the respective projects showing be taking to the respective task and should be including a view all button to view all the projects
6. The mobile view of the my projects shows too many tasks we need to be make it better but for now make it scrollable or reduce the number of tasks to be displayed
7. The recent activity section has the list of all recent activities and the respective activities should be clickable and redirect to the respective pages
8. The CRM & Contacts section should show all the CRM connectors that we have as of right now we have the fluentCRM connector and HubSpot connector where right now we are showing only hubspot connector.
9. The same behaviour should be there for the CMS, eCommerce tabs as well. 
10. The CMS section only shows posts and pages, we should also be showing the categories, tags, taxonomies, media, custom posts, custom taxonomies, custom tags, plugins and we had implemented the plugin marketplace should we be showing the installed plugins here for the respective services please analyze and recommend.
11. The wordpress plugins are not getting detected correct as i have the woocommerce plugin installed but not activated but the plugin is not getting detected.
11. The CSS and font color across the portals should be fixed. Example - "https://app.bizoholic.net/dashboard/marketing" and "https://app.bizoholic.net/dashboard/support" the icons and fonts are not visible in the different modes the icons background should be fixed as it is not having the required padding around the icons. 
12. The various tabs with the marketing menu does not seem to be working may be because we are using mock data for the marketing menu. in the live campaigns tab the edit and full data should show the respective data when we go live. AI insights the execute with agent, and consult links and buttons are not working. 
12. BYOK - Added the API key for openrouter and after included all the api key shows it is invalid "Key validation failed. Please check your key." as the key is valid. 
13. All the keys and services connectors and issues needs to be fixed for each and every services that has already been implemented. 
14. The create custom agent section it takes all the details but when i click on create it does nothing which needs to be fixed. 
15. The workflow management we need to be fixing clicking on "New Workflow" does not do anything. 
16. The css for the same needs to be fixed as the "DEMO" is going out of the blue background and the number of workers on the top which currently shows 3 icons instead we should be showing only 1 icon and display the number on top to as a superset on the number of workers active. 
17. Also please analyze and fix the cards on the for the various workflows created in the mobile view but creating a better layout. 
18. Clicking on configure for the respective workflow also does nothing. 
19. The pause and play button changes state but again we need to make sure that it does the actual action. 
20. We have multiple workflow cards but when we click on the respective cards it should be taking me to the respective workflow visualization page or workflow editor page. 
21. The optimize workflow button does not work it should be fixed and taken through a process of analyzing the created list of workflows and suggest optimizations and once the client or user accepts the optimization it should be applied to the workflow. 
22. The tasks in the projects and tasks section creates the new task and it also get created into the existing project. Where I had selected the Marketing Hub project but it does not get created and the task is created into the default project with the prefix marketing hub and task name. This needs to be fixed by creating the respective project on plane.so and creating the task into the respective project.
23. On the Assignee field it should show the list of all existing users for the respective project. As these are individual accounts for each client which we will be programmatically creating during onboarding. And if the client does not want to use Plane.so then we should be connecting to the respective service the user prefers and proceed to use the service accordingly.
24. The various cards in the portal settings does not seem to be working. It changes the cursor but when i click it does not take me to the respective pages. 
25. When i visit the page https://app.bizoholic.net/settings from the mobile view it shows the cards one below the other is this the recommended view for the mobile view? 
26. The Platform Admin link works fine but we should not be showing it for all users it should only be for the super admin or the admin users. 

### Admin Dashboard

1. The dashboard home page looks good of the desktop but we need to be replicating the same view the mobile relatived view from the client portal here as we are showing the cards 2 per row please check the client portal overview page and replicate it. 
2. In the admin portal i see that we have the title for the "Agent Hub - Core Autonomous Ecosystem" for the various pages but on the client portal it is not there so it should be good to standardize the layout and make sure that the title and sub title are all concise so that it also looks and feeds good on the mobile view respectively. 
3. The agent management tab UI should be similar to the one from the client portal https://app.bizoholic.net/dashboard/marketing and in the mobile view we need to be including a right arrow and and left arrow button to navigate for the tabs like "Agent Overview, Real-time Monitoring, Configuration Management, Task Management, Performance Analytics, Access Control, Agent Playground" 
4. For each of the specialist agent mesh the configure, view details, view logs links is not working it should be take me to the respective pages.
5. The view the various domain supervisors cards should be fixed on the mobile view. 
6. the tenant management page ui in the admin portal is not looking good and the cards are not looking good on the mobile view. it is overflowing out of the display. 
7. The various organization cards are not clickable where it should be and taken to the respective client management page.
8. The ui for the global user management is also overflowing and the names for the various tabs should be refined and also font size should be fixed for across the client portal and admin portal respectively if necessary to make it look good and uniform across both portals..
9. Similarly the partner page should also be use the same updates from the global user management page.
10. Should the connectivity hub on the admin portal be showing the various connectors or should it be showing the various services related to the services that is required by the platform like the vault, redis, temporal etc. something like the system status or should it contain the list of all connectors but on the admin dashboard we should track the metrics which should be showing the information like number of clients using it, how many times the clients tried to connect, how many times the connector failed, etc. 
11. The https://admin.bizoholic.net/dashboard/security is showing Application error: a client-side exception has occurred while loading admin.bizoholic.net (see the browser console for more information).
12. the https://admin.bizoholic.net/dashboard/settings is blank please include the settings for this as well. 

### Both Portals

1. Should we be using the "System Status" placeholder on the top of the side bar where we have the "online" on the bottom is the online for the user or the for the system. Or if it is recommended to show then should the page https://admin.bizoholic.net/dashboard/system-status be included into the side bar menu "Infrastructure & Admin" and whenever we are on the desktop view and we are on a specific tab the respective menu should be open and highlighted so that we know where we are. and the other menu should be closed. 
2. The notification bell icon is not working on both the portals and it should be fixed. 
3. We need to use one of the testing tools to test, identify all the links, UI and UX issues and proceed to fix them all.